[Music]
baby
it's basically the middle of the night
right now
i've got a half past four the only
other time i can confirm that i've ever
set one on for half for
in basically the night i wouldn't even
call that the morning is to catch a
flight
but your girl is uh we are doing
the same routine as possibly
the toughest man in the world we are
doing david morgan's pre-navy seals
daily routine i already know this is not
going to be a walk in the park my god
like
guessing this morning was so difficult
my body was just olivia it's the middle
of the night
nevertheless i'm really proud of
actually yesterday because i feel like
i've been putting off this challenge for
a long time i'm kind of whispering by
the way because mason's still asleep
let me just list some of david goggins
insane achievement
just in case you're not familiar with
him but i'm sure he probably will be
he's
now a retired navy seal camera could
hold it for most polluted stone in 24
hours an ultra endurance athlete
he's earned the title the toughest man
alive due to his military
accomplishments he's known for being the
only person in the u.s armed forces
to have completed u.s army ranger school
and the only person to complete
seal training to top it up so this guy
has got some serious mental toughness so
prior to david gorgans joining the u.s
navy seals
he mentioned he was in like a super sad
state and he was overweight
he then joined the military after high
school and
served in the air force and two was 23
then after being medically discharged
from the
military gordon's took a job an
exterminator and then without a minute
she came in
casper he's so early i haven't had a
coffee just allow me
without military training keeping him in
shape his daily routine consisted of
watching tv
and eating mini donuts at age 24 he was
nearly 300 pounds like
yeah that's a lot of weight gain to put
on in like quite a short time one day he
came across
a commercial for the navy seals training
program program said to be the toughest
in the world he knew right away that
this would be his
new goal wow imagine just coming across
one of those
and thinking right this is for me he
dived
head first into an intense fitness
routine in order to lose over 100 pounds
so this is the workout routine we are
doing today
that he lost over a hundred pounds doing
uh obviously daily not just like one day
flipping egg
and i'm just gonna put a disclaimer in
straight away i would never
never advise this kind of training like
this is super intense
the guy barely eats one banana and a
dinner all day
you do not need to do that in order to
lose weight you can just
do things much more actually sustainable
maintainable like secondly
you would not be able to have a job
because this is basically a full day of
working out
let's talk through the routine so 4 30
am wake up eat a banana
5 to 6 a.m ride on exercise bike 6 to 7
am
study for the asvab which was something
for navy seals i'm just going to do some
work eight to 10 a.m spring for two
miles
11 till 2 p.m full body workout multiple
sets of 100 to 200 reps per movement
three to five exercise bike and more
studying 5 30
run oh so we're going straight from the
exercise back to a run
between two and six miles 7 30 am dinner
8 or 10 p.m back on the exercise by 10
30 p.m sleep good good
honey on i'm just gonna now awkwardly
eat this
banana
this isn't my favorite i'm not very
hungry i don't have any ripe bananas
like
i don't know if it's just me but i hate
bananas that are just too
sort of like on the green side they need
to be black and dotty
for me
i think i look i actually look a bit
dodgy you know like i think i've got a
big camera and equipment and there's no
there's literally no
about like it's just pitch black and i
feel like i've got back from
a night out now to see if i can actually
get in the gym because
the gym doesn't open until
six slight malfunction so i can't
actually
access the gym i will just show
oh you that was nearly a massive
malfunction
basically this gym doesn't actually
happen to half six
but i spoke to a guy yesterday he said i
could come in early
and then this guy was like no you can't
and then i just said oh please i've got
up so
early today and he was really lovely and
let me in thank god oh panicked thing so
i was just thinking
how am i gonna i haven't got a bike
anywhere and i thought that's gonna set
my whole day back so i'm gonna be
tracking everything on my
fitbit
[Music]
[Applause]
so i'm just watching his documentary as
i'm cycling
and it's quite interesting like he did
like a whole
massive equation basically on how he
could lose that sort of weight quick and
his strategy was just not really eating
which is crazy but just like quite
obsessive and he sort of said that
but if there's one thing dave gordon is
really just represented which you know
if you have
your mind set on something it's
something you really want like anything
is possible so i really like
that i listen to his book can't hurt me
on
audible about three months ago and i was
listening to a lot when i went on runs
on the canal
i should do should have done this
talking before and that book is
so inspiring if you're someone who
struggles with like motivation
a mindset i would really recommend that
i like to take everything with a pinch
of salt as in like i don't take
everything i listen to you to the to the
tea because like i said he has
got a very like obsessive his sort of
strategy i know wouldn't necessarily
wouldn't fit like my goals like i said
he was trying to train for the navy
seals i've already got
such a super going on four minutes left
this has actually not been
too bad at all managed to get on top of
some emails and some messages
normally i'd do this sort of thing at
some point in the morning anyway but
obviously i'd be sat down
so it's quite a good way to get your
like movement up and stuff
[Music]
we are finished so one hour
every p.m 292 calories
box oh by the way just to mention
calories on
your watch are not 100 accurate don't
ever take them as like face value
there can be guidelines sometimes but
they're not completely accurate and if
you've noticed safe on that cardio
machine
this says 360 calories and my watch
stays different so it's just like you
kind of can't go off it 100
just to mention but we're finished honey
we are
finished now i'm going to go get a
shower because
that's the only thing i'm going to have
to be showering so much today 10 seconds
later but do you know it's quite nice
seeing like back before sunrise
and like feeling super productive
which i feel like this time she's gonna
fly and i'm just gonna drink like a ton
of water as well like
there's not much food today
[Music]
eventually guys
i don't know i'm gonna do my hair i
haven't got a hair i need like a cap
or something we're ready to go i'm
swimsuited oh season i've got
butterflies like
because i haven't really swam in a while
so i don't know like what my pace would
be like
i was quite a good swimmer in school but
like not didn't do it competitively
just keep swimming swimming swimming so
we're just gonna give it a go and hope
for the best
it's about 3.2 k this pool is 22 meters
so that works at 146 length i've got a
swimsuit on
i thought that would be better rather
than like bikini bottoms because you
know sometimes they're not the best
right actually swimming in and i've got
some goggles i do wish i had a swimming
hat if i even try to
die like it's probably going to be a
belly flop but i'm just really thankful
there's no one else in this pool anyway
i had a black coffee just before i came
which i feel a bit just
a bit shaky
[Applause]
[Music]
okay i underestimated this so much
21 minutes in and this just takes me
right back to swimming that in school
another little issue is there's a leak
in my goggle so it keeps leaking in but
my god like this for two hours
completely different and definitely a
challenge
are almost half way this is a look isn't
it
so i hope you can take me seriously
right now these goggles keep
steaming up but yeah i've just put music
on and even i can't really hear it but
it's just a bit boring
absolutely right now the last two
minutes
so i've just got the swim up so it was
143 lens which i honestly i lost
track so i didn't even think i didn't
know like if i'd come
close that so i'm pretty proud of that
oh wow
i've just had a quick change i had to
kind of rinse my hair
i didn't want to properly wash it
because obviously i know i'm just going
to get super sweaty and i'll save that
for tonight
i've had another black coffee i'm gonna
be buzzing
after this so i basically just had that
banana earlier and
caffeine i don't feel too bad right now
i quite actually enjoyed that swing like
i feel like i zoned out after a while i
lost track of how many lengths i'd done
and then i was having difficulty like
working out which side to breathe on or
like which was my stronger
side i tried like a bit of back stroke
mixed up my strength front stroke is
definitely my strongest
i quickly found that out like at one
point i tried just doing breaststroke
and i realized that would take me
all day there is not much time between
these intervals
of working out it is a solid just like
day of working out i've literally got
showered i had to like dry my hair i
didn't want to leave it with chlorine in
and now i'm just going to head to the
gym so
let's go just go to the gym
i'm going to start with shoulder press i
can't think straight actually
i've got a bit of brain fog
[Music]
[Applause]
i'm very glad a good playlist is so
required right now
[Music]
just keeping things nice and light don't
need to go extra heavy
especially when we're doing hella reps
[Music]
oh my god this sweat is pouring off my
head
it's a bit boring to be honest because
it's just so repressive i'm really
thankful that i've got music
but it's just like i'm bored and i kind
of think
i prefer just doing 20 reps rather than
logging it out with 10
sets so just feeling the burn and just
like
plowing through
[Music]
now i'm going to do five sets of 20 reps
on
the lego machine i'm just a match
my meal right now i would really never
ever do this so it's not it's not as
enjoyable when you're absolutely
starving
but it's good to like challenge your
mind because a lot of it is in your mind
as
david goggins talked about quite a lot
[Music]
at this point i'm honestly asking myself
like
how is this man human cis
i am dying in life how do you do this
daily for weeks not just like one week
or a few days like four weeks
i imagine he was super unfit as well so
this must have just been like
mentally rock solid the coffees aren't
even touching the sides at this point
[Music]
my goods god everything just
hurts at this point we've done that in
six exercises 170 calories
one hour 43 minutes do you feel like
i've got a hit from that if that makes
sense as in like
i push myself beyond like oh there were
a few months there i just didn't
want to carry on i think it's it's still
quite early like it's not late in the
day i don't know how to do anything
else other than work out that i need to
catch i need to actually do a bit of
work as well today
definitely looking much worse for where
right now we're back
on this beloved like
two hours on here he mentioned that he
did some studying on this bike as well
so
i'm just going to do some more emails
and stuff he might watch some youtube or
something that will take
up that time
[Music]
i'm so numb on this thing
right we're an hour and a half being
just so excited because it's probably
nearly done but it's not been too bad
it's just like my foam is
aching so much i don't know whether it's
this chair
it's so hard or something but like i
feel like i can feel the rest of my body
just
my glutes see you later see you next
week
they are finished but other than that
this is probably my favorite thing
my god
two hours one minute why does it say 596
calories jesus lord we are finished
that is like a massive hit of happiness
to be off this sleeping bag i answered
some of your questions on my instagram
and also did a bit of work watch a
little bit of youtube which made the
time
go so quick the only thing is like my
bone
was the most sore thing like this chair
just felt like glass at one point like
sitting on glass so when
we when i come back to this later today
i think i'm going to bring my bedroom
pillow and my knees were starting to
seize up which i do not like like
i was thinking david grogging doing this
like long term like your joints
i do like how it mixes exercise up like
like stuff like
the cycle bike and swimming is so much
better for your joints
than say running on like concrete i've
got a bit of time now
before my run but i don't know if to
just go straight into the run like you
know
when you get to that point where you're
just like i just want this over with so
i just got changed for i
don't know how many times i have lost
count god i'm really feeling it now like
it's hitting me like a ton of bricks
there's not one part of me that wants to
now go on
a run oh all right i'm going to get it
moving i feel like i'm just going to get
straight on this run
now if i sit down any longer i'm just
going to procrastinate and then at least
once that's done and
it's just the bike which i don't mind
and then i'm just gonna eat
the thing is like this day i feel like
i've been
filming for a week it's just been a long
long-ass day
[Music]
i have never been so happy for a halfway
point to just laugh this off right now
i am really thrilled this feels like the
hardest thing
oh my god
oh wow this is going to teach me so much
about not giving up because the amount
of workouts i've walked out of because i
felt
a bit under the weather or like just
been not really feeling it
and this is just taught me like it's my
time of the month by the way right now
as where i want my period
and i've definitely used that as an
excuse like to just slack and
no more like i've managed this you guys
and i'm really hungry but i don't want
to eat a massive
i don't eat a proper like chicken meal
and i'm just going to have something
that's fast absorbing and i'd rather
just go i'm sorry
look at this the state of me right now
so i'm gonna make some oats now and then
do the two hours and then i'll have a
proper meal i just feel like i'd end up
being sick
if i had a load of chicken and i'm so
hungry i feel like i'm just gonna end up
eating loads you've ever seen
and i have one of these coconut
chocolates as well
back it's dark actually now and this
line's really bad this is the last one
i'm like buzzing
because obviously i know this is the
last one i feel
ah that protein notes was the most
beautiful thing i think i've ever tasted
in my life i'm gonna watch snowfish as
well on netflix i think
[Music]
care has now become a part of me i feel
like it has
taken my soul today this machine
it's just like bum you know like my
knees actually sort of eased up after a
while but my bottom
felt pain like that well i'm truly like
this thing may be made of glass that's
what it feels like i think glass could
be softer right now
i need a bomb massage that sounds a bit
weird
replacement i'm finished
719 calories two hours
yeah the machines are different 493.
i was definitely a lot slower on this
one
i can't wait to eat just ordered i'm
lovely
some tuscan chicken coconut shrimp curry
i want to bathe in food right now so
broken
i don't think wearing shorts was a good
idea like you only sweating so much
because
i am chafing a new moon in the sky
by the way i'm not keto or anything it's
just the name of
the like delivery place here we've got
some like salmon and
rocket like this salad with all the seed
this is like a prawn curry kind of green
sort of thing like green sort of mixed
salad
some little mini chicken wings crispy
cheesy
something loveliness some chicken in a
sauce which is so good we have this over
there as well
a little cake oh my
lordy lord i'm just going to tuck into
this anyway
and i just so hungry
[Music]
hey